1 - Project overview
This year you will compete against your fellow classmate to try to be the first to be referenced (organic "blue link") on the keyword (given by the teacher)

This is an individual project.

2 - Features
You will need to be referenced using the word (keyword is given by the teacher)

Caen : Développeur freelance Caen
Lille : Développeur freelance Lille
Lyon : Développeur freelance Lyon
Paris : Développeur freelance Paris
Tours : Développeur freelance Tours
Distanciel : Développeur freelance [votre ville]
There is no limitation. Use your network, find ideas to talk about your product - which can be about anything and try to create a community.

Simple and basic ideas (but not limited to) of features that can be useful to drive engagement on your website:

articles / blogposts
social link
up to date content
...
 

3 - Tips
You can use all you know to have the best ranking !
Here are some resources if necessary - of course you can use something else for both domain and server

Github Student Developers Pack (You can access it for free, using your SUPINFO email address on Github). This pack includes the following (and useful for this course) resources:

Hosting:
DigitalOcean (200$ free credits for a year)
Github Pages
Heroku (13$ free credits per month)
Domains:
Namecheap (Free .me domain for a year)
.TECH Domains (Free .tech domain for a year)
Name.com (Free. live domain for a year)
You can also find various tools like CI/CD tools, SSH and GIT clients, Passwords Manager, etc.)
You can also rely on some other free resources - like Wordpress.com or find any other domain name (some can be free)

 

4 - Deliverables
 

There is no need to send your website or project code.

The only expected deliverable is a full documentation of the actions you took, the result and how you decided to choose what to do to improve constently your ranking

==> The ranking results on google.fr for the keyword given by the teacher will be considered during your oral defense

 

5 - Graded items
Quality of your website and SEO (Concept, content, keywords, choices - CMS, themes, plugins, Search Console, etc.)

Final documentation

Ranking